welcome to the new video in these
moments we meet at the stand of
sony in this mobile world congress 2014
to meet one of your products
stars of the year the new xperia z 2
good as you can see resembles
pretty to the model previous to xperia z
1 but it entails many differences
to start the view up to the size of
the screen has grown we have gone from
five inches to 5.2 and we have we
Last of using a technology
enrolled minus bit color led with what
which we extend the whole color palette
and on the spectrum, you can see
clearly like the red and green color
is much more emphasized than
we get with that the colors of
the screen are much more alive
on the other hand
we also find a very improvement
substantial as far as sound is concerned
since we are going to have two speakers
which we are going to get a sound
stereo one on the top and another on
the lower part of the front
we have gotten still
lighten it not only in size but
but in weight is now even more
thin than its predecessor and the battery
instead of having 3000 milliamps and
now opt with 3200
the processor is also a processor
again we use the snapdragon of
qualcomm the model 801 and the improvement that
contributes to some of the best performance and
less battery consumption we happen to have
3 gigs of ram memory when before
we had 2
one of the things highlight of this
model is that it is the first
waterproof smartphone that records
in 4k
that is four times with more quality
of the hd format